Add model serving framework instructions (#1880)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/model-serving-framework.md

`model_format` | string | The portable format of the model file. Currently only supports `TORCH_SCRIPT`. |
`model_config` | string | The model's configuration, including the `model_type`, `embedding_dimension`, and `framework_type`. |
`url` | string | The URL where the model is located. |

#### Sample request

The following sample request uploads version `1.0.0` of an NLP sentence transformation model named `all-MiniLM-L6-v2`.

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_upload
{
  "name": "all-MiniLM-L6-v2",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "test model",
  "model_format": "TORCH_SCRIPT",
  "model_config": {
    "model_type": "bert",
    "embedding_dimension": 384,
    "framework_type": "sentence_transformers",
  },
  "url": "https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/raw/2.x/ml-algorithms/src/test/resources/org/opensearch/ml/engine/algorithms/text_embedding/all-MiniLM-L6-v2_torchscript_sentence-transformer.zip?raw=true"
}
```

#### Sample response

OpenSearch responds with the `task_id` and task `status`.

```json
{
  "task_id" : "ew8I44MBhyWuIwnfvDIH", 
  "status" : "CREATED"
}
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
To see the status of your model upload, enter the `task_id` into the [task API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#get-task-information)
```

---
layout: default
title: Model serving framework 
has_children: false
nav_order: 110
---

# Model serving framework

> ML commons supports the ability to serve custom models and use those models to make inferences. For those who wish to use train their models using a deep-learning framework, such as Pytorch, TensorFlow, or ONNX, they can upload such models to OpenSearch in order to take advantage of OpenSearch resources, like GPU acceleration.

Reviewer: We only support deep learning models trained by Pytorch in 2.4.

Reviewer 2: Yes, please remove mention of GPU for now. Let's stick to what we can support

This page outlines the steps required to upload a custom model with the ML Commons plugin.

## Prerequisites 

To upload a custom model to OpenSearch, you'll need to prepare outside of your OpenSearch cluster. You can use a current model or train a new model depending on your needs.

### Model format

> Although most ML models are written in Python, you'll need to export the model into a portable format. As of 2.4, OpenSearch only supports [torchscript](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html).

Reviewer 2: We no longer support ONNX?

Reviewer: yes, only torchscript in 2.4

> Although most ML models are written in Python, you'll need to export the model into a portable format. As of 2.4, OpenSearch only supports [torchscript](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html).

Reviewer: I think we don't need to emphasize this part "Although most ML models are written in Python,". Just tell user we only support torchscript format. User should export PyTorch model to torchscript file first.

### Model size

> Most deep-learning models are over 100 MBs, making it difficult to fit the model into a single document. OpenSearch splits in portable model file into smaller chunks to store in an OpenSearch index. When allocating ML or Data nodes to your OpenSearch cluster, please be aware of the size of your model to prevent any downtime when making inferences. Furthermore, asynchronous models load faster than synchronous.

Reviewer 2: The context is ambiguous. What is an asynchronous versus synchronous model?  Are you talking about the model or the import command? I have only heard of async and sync interfaces for model servers (not models).

Author: My understanding rereading the materials provided is that synchronous models need to be immediately loaded immeaditely after upload, otherwise, the upload API only supports asynchronous models.

Reviewer: I think we can remove that async/sync part here.

> Most deep-learning models are over 100 MBs, making it difficult to fit the model into a single document. OpenSearch splits in portable model file into smaller chunks to store in an OpenSearch index. When allocating ML or Data nodes to your OpenSearch cluster, please be aware of the size of your model to prevent any downtime when making inferences. Furthermore, asynchronous models load faster than synchronous.

Reviewer: This sentence looks not accurate "OpenSearch splits in portable model file into smaller chunks to store in an OpenSearch index".

How about change to "OpenSearch ml-commons plugin will split model file into smaller chunks and store in ML model index."

Reviewer: "Furthermore, asynchronous models load faster than synchronous." this seems not accurate. We built asynchronous upload API due to the model size is big and synchronous call may timeout.

## Upload model to OpenSearch

Use the URL upload operation for models that already exist on another server, such as GitHub or S3. 

```
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_upload
```

The URL upload method requires the following request fields:

Field | Data Type | Description
:---  | :--- | :--- 
`name`| string | The name of the model. |

> `version` | integer | The version number of the model. Version number should follow standard semantic format, major.minor.patch |

Reviewer 2: What's the purpose of minor and patch versions for the model? Can you reference another system that uses this scheme? Typically, models only have a single version like how resource versioning typically works. It doesn't require a granular versioning system like software.

Author: @dylan-tong-aws: Good question! @ylwu-amzn, would you have any insight on this one?

Reviewer: Hi, @Naarcha-AWS , the version should be string type, and we don't enforce the version format to follow `major.minor.patch`, user can choose their own version format like "v1", "v1.0" or simply "1", "1.0"

Author: ```suggestion
`version` | string | The version number of the model. Since OpenSearch does not enforce a specific version schema for models, you can choose any number or format that makes sense for your models. |
```

`model_format` | string | The portable format of the model file. Currently only supports `TORCH_SCRIPT`. |
`model_config` | string | The model's configuration, including the `model_type`, `embedding_dimension`, and `framework_type`. |

> `url` | string | The URL of the server which contains the model. |

Reviewer: "The URL of the server which contains the model" , seems not clear to me, change to "The model file URL"?

Author: ```suggestion
`url` | string | The URL where the model is located. |
```

#### Sample request

The following sample request uploads version `1.0.0` of an NLP sentence transformation model named `all-MiniLM-L6-v2`.

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_upload
{
  "name": "all-MiniLM-L6-v2",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "test model",
  "model_format": "TORCH_SCRIPT",
  "model_config": {
    "model_type": "bert",
    "embedding_dimension": 384,
    "framework_type": "sentence_transformers",
  },

>   "url": "https://github.com/ylwu-amzn/ml-commons/blob/2.x_custom_m_helper/ml-algorithms/src/test/resources/org/opensearch/ml/engine/algorithms/text_embedding/all-MiniLM-L6-v2_torchscript_sentence-transformer.zip?raw=true"

Reviewer: This is my personal Github repo link. We should change to this public repo link https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/raw/2.x/ml-algorithms/src/test/resources/org/opensearch/ml/engine/algorithms/text_embedding/all-MiniLM-L6-v2_torchscript_sentence-transformer.zip

}
```

#### Sample response

OpenSearch responds with the `task_id` and task `status`.

```json
{
  "task_id" : "ew8I44MBhyWuIwnfvDIH", 
  "status" : "CREATED"
}

> ```

Reviewer: Tell user they can use get task API to poll task status and link Get Task API https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/ml-commons-plugin/api/#get-task-information

> 

Reviewer: Tell user they can use get task API to poll task status and link Get Task API https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/ml-commons-plugin/api/#get-task-information

## Load the model

> The load model operation loads a model into memory by reading the model from the index. Since models indexed by OpenSearch are indexed as small chunks, the loading process can take time. 

Reviewer: The load model API will read model chunks from ML model index then create model instance and cache it in memory. Bigger model will have more chunks, so the loading process will take more time.

  "create_time" : 3455961564003,
  "last_update_time" : 3216361373241,
  "is_async" : true
}
```

### Load model from index

With the `model_id`, you can now load the model from the model's index, then create an instance of the model to save in an ML node's available cache.

Add the `model_id` to the load API operation. 

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_load
```

#### Request: Load into any available ML node

In this example request, OpenSearch loads the model into any available OpenSearch node:

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt/_load
```

#### Request: Load into a specific node

If you want to reserve the memory of other ML nodes within your cluster, you can load your model into a specific node(s) by specifying the `node_id` in the request body:

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt/_load
{
    "node_ids": ["4PLK7KJWReyX0oWKnBA8nA"]
}
```

#### Response

All models load asynchronously. Therefore, the load API responds a new `task_id` based on the load, and returns a `status` for the task.

```json
{
  "task_id" : "hA8P44MBhyWuIwnfvTKP",
  "status" : "CREATED"
}
```

### Check model load status

> With your `task_id` from the load response, you can use the ``GET _ml/tasks` API to see the loading status of your model. Before a loaded model can be used for inferences, the load tasks `state` must show as `COMPLETED`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your `task_id` from the load response, you can use the `GET _ml/tasks` API to see the loading status of your model. Before a loaded model can be used for inferences, the load tasks `state` must show as `COMPLETED`. 
```

#### Request

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/tasks/hA8P44MBhyWuIwnfvTKP
```

#### Response

```json
{
  "model_id" : "WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt",
  "task_type" : "LOAD_MODEL",
  "function_name" : "TEXT_EMBEDDING",
  "state" : "COMPLETED",
  "worker_node" : "KzONM8c8T4Od-NoUANQNGg",
  "create_time" : 1665961803150,
  "last_update_time" : 1665961815959,
  "is_async" : true
}
```

## Use loaded model for inferences

> Use the predict operation to perform inferences with your loaded model. To streamline the prediction process, loaded models can call their functions from memory with the `model_id`. 

Reviewer: The second sentence seems not clear. 

Suggest
```suggestion
Once mode loaded, user can use predict API to performance inference with the model id.
```

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_predict
```

> With model loaded, OpenSearch can then output inference results based on the loaded model.

Author: ```suggestion

```

> With model loaded, OpenSearch can then output inference results based on the loaded model.

Reviewer: Remove this sentence?

### Request

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt/_predict
{
  "text_docs":[ "today is sunny"],
  "return_number": true,
  "target_response": ["sentence_embedding"]
}
```

### Response

```json
{
  "inference_results" : [
    {
      "output" : [
        {
          "name" : "sentence_embedding",
          "data_type" : "FLOAT32",
          "shape" : [
            384
          ],
          "data" : [
            -0.023315024,
            0.08975691,
            0.078479774,
            ...
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Unload the model

> To unload a model from memory, use the unload operation.

Reviewer: If user don't need to run predict for some model, they can use unload API to close model instance and remove it from cache. Unload API won't delete model from model index.

Author: How does this sound? 

```suggestion
If you're done making predictions with your model, use the unload operation to remove the model from your memory cache. The model will remain accessible in the model index.
```

Reviewer 2: How about we say we "remove the model from the ML Node(s) to free up resources." I would remove the word "cache" because it's not quite accurate.

---
layout: default
title: Model serving framework 
has_children: false
nav_order: 110
---

# Model serving framework

> ML commons supports the ability to serve custom models and use those models to make inferences. For those who wish to use train their models using a deep-learning framework, such as Pytorch, they can upload such models to OpenSearch in order to take advantage of OpenSearch resources.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ML commons supports the ability to serve custom models and use those models to make inferences. For those who wish to train their models using a deep-learning framework, such as Pytorch, they can upload such models to OpenSearch in order to take advantage of OpenSearch resources.
```

Reviewer 3: Make predictions?

Reviewer: This sentences seems not accurate "For those who wish to use train their models using a deep-learning framework, such as Pytorch, they can upload such models to OpenSearch in order to take advantage of OpenSearch resources."

How about change to 
"For those who wish to run their trained deep-learning model (only support PyTorch now) inside OpenSearch cluster, they can upload and run model with ml-commons REST API."

Author: Inferences, which would be a step before prediction.

> This page outlines the steps required to upload a custom model with the ML Commons plugin.

Reviewer: I think this page is not just explaining `upload a custom model`. 

How about change to 

```suggestion
This page outlines the steps required to upload and run a custom model with the ML Commons plugin.
```

## Prerequisites 

> To upload a custom model to OpenSearch, you'll need to prepare outside of your OpenSearch cluster. You can use a current model or train a new model depending on your needs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To upload a custom model to OpenSearch, you'll need to prepare it outside of your OpenSearch cluster. You can use a current model or train a new model depending on your needs.
```

### Model format

> Although most ML models are written in Python, you'll need to export the model into a portable format. As of 2.4, OpenSearch only supports [torchscript](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html).

Reviewer: We only support text embedding model in 2.4.

Author: So torchscript is the only portable format and text embedding is the only model?

Reviewer: > torchscript is the only portable format

Yes, correct

> text embedding is the only model

Text embedding is a class of model which will translate a sentence into a dense vector (you can think it as a list of float data). @dylan-tong-aws please chime-in if you have better explanation.

Author: That's explained partially in the Neural Search docs, https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/pull/1882/files#diff-6be3cf6f5a7bbb1e951a5fe96947aeed71ce22642dea61b91b1251de932011f7R24.

Author: Do we still want to include a note about text embedding here?

Reviewer 2: Text embedding models can encode text into vectors that capture semantics enabling the use of OpenSearch's k-NN indexes to answer similarity queries.

Author: But are text embedding models the only model supported in the Model Framework @dylan-tong-aws?

Reviewer: > Do we still want to include a note about text embedding here?

I think yes. No need to ask user read two places to learn the whole picture.

Reviewer: > But are text embedding models the only model supported in the Model Framework @dylan-tong-aws?

Yes, I can confirm that.

### Model size

> Most deep-learning models are over 100 MBs, making it difficult to fit the model into a single document. OpenSearch splits the model file into smaller chunks to store in an ML index. When allocating ML or Data nodes for your OpenSearch cluster, please be aware of the size of your model to prevent any downtime when making inferences. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Most deep-learning models are over 100 MBs, making it difficult to fit the model into a single document. OpenSearch splits the model file into smaller chunks to store in an ML index. When allocating ML or data nodes for your OpenSearch cluster, be aware of the size of your model to prevent any downtime when making inferences. 
```

Use the URL upload operation for models that already exist on another server, such as GitHub or S3. 

```
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_upload
```

The URL upload method requires the following request fields:

Field | Data Type | Description
:---  | :--- | :--- 
`name`| string | The name of the model. |
`version` | string | The version number of the model. Since OpenSearch does not enforce a specific version schema for models, you can choose any number or format that makes sense for your models. |
`model_format` | string | The portable format of the model file. Currently only supports `TORCH_SCRIPT`. |
`model_config` | string | The model's configuration, including the `model_type`, `embedding_dimension`, and `framework_type`. |
`url` | string | The URL where the model is located. |

#### Sample request

The following sample request uploads version `1.0.0` of an NLP sentence transformation model named `all-MiniLM-L6-v2`.

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_upload
{
  "name": "all-MiniLM-L6-v2",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "test model",
  "model_format": "TORCH_SCRIPT",
  "model_config": {
    "model_type": "bert",
    "embedding_dimension": 384,

>     "framework_type": "sentence_transformers",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "framework_type": "sentence_transformers"
```

  },
  "url": "https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/raw/2.x/ml-algorithms/src/test/resources/org/opensearch/ml/engine/algorithms/text_embedding/all-MiniLM-L6-v2_torchscript_sentence-transformer.zip?raw=true"
}
```

#### Sample response

OpenSearch responds with the `task_id` and task `status`.

```json
{
  "task_id" : "ew8I44MBhyWuIwnfvDIH", 
  "status" : "CREATED"
}
```

> To see the status of your model upload, enter the `task_id` into the [task API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#get-task-information).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To see the status of your model upload, pass the `task_id` to the [task API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#get-task-information) endpoint.
```

## Load the model

> The load model operation reads the model's chunks from the model index, then creates an instance of the model to cache into memory. The bigger the model, the more chunks the model is split. The more chunks a model index contains, the longer it takes for the model to load into memory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The load model operation reads the model's chunks from the model index, then creates an instance of the model to cache into memory. The bigger the model, the more chunks the model is split into. The more chunks a model index contains, the longer it takes for the model to load into memory.
```

### Get the `model_id`

To load a model, you need the `model_id`. To find the `model_id`, take the `task_id` from the model's upload operations API response and use the `GET _ml/tasks` API.

This example request uses the `task_id` from the upload example.

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/tasks/ew8I44MBhyWuIwnfvDIH

> 

Reviewer 3: add the closing ticks for json block

> OpenSearch responds with the `model_id`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OpenSearch responds with the `model_id`:
```

```json
{
  "model_id" : "WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt", 
  "task_type" : "UPLOAD_MODEL",
  "function_name" : "TEXT_EMBEDDING",
  "state" : "COMPLETED",
  "worker_node" : "KzONM8c8T4Od-NoUANQNGg",
  "create_time" : 3455961564003,
  "last_update_time" : 3216361373241,
  "is_async" : true
}
```

### Load model from index

> With the `model_id`, you can now load the model from the model's index, then create an instance of the model to save in an ML node's available cache.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With the `model_id`, you can load the model from the model's index, then create an instance of the model to save in an ML node's available cache.
```

Reviewer: "then create an instance of the model to save in an ML node's available cache."  This sentences seems hint user they should "create an instance of model" by themselves. Actually this load model API will do this automatically.

How about change to 
```suggestion
Once model uploaded, you can use load model API to deploy model to ML nodes. The load model API will read model chunks from the model index, then create an instance of the model and save in ML node's cache.
```

Add the `model_id` to the load API operation. 

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_load
```

> #### Request: Load into any available ML node

Reviewer 3: Sample request?

> In this example request, OpenSearch loads the model into any available OpenSearch node:

Reviewer: ml-commons provides setting "plugins.ml_commons.only_run_on_ml_node" , default value is "false".  

Description:

```
If "true", will run ML tasks on ML nodes only. If "false", will run on ML nodes first, if no ML nodes, will run on data nodes. Don't set as "false" on production cluster.
```

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt/_load
```

> #### Request: Load into a specific node

Reviewer 3: Sample request?

If you want to reserve the memory of other ML nodes within your cluster, you can load your model into a specific node(s) by specifying the `node_id` in the request body:

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt/_load
{
    "node_ids": ["4PLK7KJWReyX0oWKnBA8nA"]
}
```

> #### Response

Reviewer 3: Sample response?

All models load asynchronously. Therefore, the load API responds a new `task_id` based on the load, and returns a `status` for the task.

```json
{
  "task_id" : "hA8P44MBhyWuIwnfvTKP",
  "status" : "CREATED"
}
```

### Check model load status

> With your `task_id` from the load response, you can use the `GET _ml/tasks` API to see the loading status of your model. Before a loaded model can be used for inferences, the load tasks `state` must show as `COMPLETED`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With your `task_id` from the load response, you can use the `GET _ml/tasks` API to see the loading status of your model. Before a loaded model can be used for inferences, the load task's `state` must show as `COMPLETED`. 
```

> #### Request

Reviewer 3: Sample request?

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/tasks/hA8P44MBhyWuIwnfvTKP
```

> #### Response

Reviewer 3: Sample response?

```json
{
  "model_id" : "WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt",
  "task_type" : "LOAD_MODEL",
  "function_name" : "TEXT_EMBEDDING",
  "state" : "COMPLETED",
  "worker_node" : "KzONM8c8T4Od-NoUANQNGg",
  "create_time" : 1665961803150,
  "last_update_time" : 1665961815959,
  "is_async" : true
}
```

## Use loaded model for inferences

After the model has been loaded, you can enter the `model_id` into the [predict API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#predict) to perform inferences.

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_predict
```

> ### Request

Reviewer 3: Sample request?

```json

> POST /_plugins/_ml/models/WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt/_predict

Reviewer: This sample request will get model from index first, then execute model. Suggest also add this sample request which will runs faster as no need to get model from index. 

```
# Sample request
POST /_plugins/_ml/_predict/text_embedding/WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt
{
  "text_docs":[ "today is sunny"],
  "return_number": true,
  "target_response": ["sentence_embedding"]
}
# Sample response
{
  "inference_results" : [
    {
      "output" : [
        {
          "name" : "sentence_embedding",
          "data_type" : "FLOAT32",
          "shape" : [
            384
          ],
          "data" : [
            -0.023315024,
            0.08975691,
            0.078479774,
            ...
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

{
  "text_docs":[ "today is sunny"],
  "return_number": true,
  "target_response": ["sentence_embedding"]
}
```

> ### Response

Reviewer 3: Sample response?

```json
{
  "inference_results" : [
    {
      "output" : [
        {
          "name" : "sentence_embedding",
          "data_type" : "FLOAT32",
          "shape" : [
            384
          ],
          "data" : [
            -0.023315024,
            0.08975691,
            0.078479774,
            ...
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Unload the model

If you're done making predictions with your model, use the unload operation to remove the model from your memory cache. The model will remain accessible in the model index.

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_unload
```

> ### Example request

Reviewer 3: Sample request?

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/MGqJhYMBbbh0ushjm8p_/_unload
```

> ### Example response

Reviewer 3: Sample response?

---
layout: default
title: Model serving framework 
has_children: false
nav_order: 110
---

# Model serving framework

ML commons supports the ability to serve custom models and use those models to make inferences. For those who want to run their PyTorch deep-learning model inside an OpenSearch cluster, you can upload and run that model with the ML Commons REST API.

This page outlines the steps required to upload a custom model and run with the ML Commons plugin.

## Prerequisites 

To upload a custom model to OpenSearch, you need to prepare it outside of your OpenSearch cluster. You can use a current model or train a new model depending on your needs.

### Model support

As of OpenSearch 2.4, the model serving framework only supports text embedding models without GPU acceleration.

### Model format

To use a model in OpenSearch, you'll need to export the model into a portable format. As of 2.4, OpenSearch only supports [torchscript](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html) format.

### Model size

> Most deep-learning models are over 100 MBs, making it difficult to fit the model into a single document. OpenSearch splits the model file into smaller chunks to store in an ML index. When allocating ML or data nodes for your OpenSearch cluster, be aware of the size of your model to prevent any downtime when making inferences. 

Reviewer: "OpenSearch splits the model file into smaller chunks to store in an ML index". This sentence is correct but not accurate. Actually it's MLCommons plugin which splits the model files into smaller chunks. 

"in an ML index" we should clarify this more, should be "in model index".

### Get the `model_id`

To load a model, you need the `model_id`. To find the `model_id`, take the `task_id` from the model's upload operations API response and use the `GET _ml/tasks` API.

This example request uses the `task_id` from the upload example.

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/tasks/ew8I44MBhyWuIwnfvDIH
```

OpenSearch responds with the `model_id`:

```json
{
  "model_id" : "WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt", 
  "task_type" : "UPLOAD_MODEL",
  "function_name" : "TEXT_EMBEDDING",
  "state" : "COMPLETED",
  "worker_node" : "KzONM8c8T4Od-NoUANQNGg",
  "create_time" : 3455961564003,
  "last_update_time" : 3216361373241,
  "is_async" : true
}
```

### Load model from index

With the `model_id`, you can now load the model from the model's index, then create an instance of the model to save in an ML node's available cache.

Add the `model_id` to the load API operation. 

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_load
```

> When the ML common's setting `plugins.ml_commons.only_run_on_ml_node` is set to `false`, models load on ML nodes first. If no ML modes exist, models load on data nodes. When running ML models in production, set `plugins.ml_commons.only_run_on_ml_node` to `true`, so that models only load on ML nodes.

Reviewer: Clarify the default value is false

### Load model from index

With the `model_id`, you can now load the model from the model's index to deploy the model with ML nodes. The load API operation reads model chunks from the model index, then create an instance of that model and save the chunks in the ML node's cache.

Add the `model_id` to the load API operation. 

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_load
```

> By default the ML Common's setting `plugins.ml_commons.only_run_on_ml_node` is set to `false`. When `false`, modes load on ML nodes first. If no ML nodes exist, models load on data nodes. When running ML models in production, set `plugins.ml_commons.only_run_on_ml_node` to `true`, so that models only load on ML nodes.

Reviewer: Typo "modes" -> "models" ?
